[1.19.x] Datapack Registry Object Providers (#476)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/datagen/server/dynamicregistries.md

!!! note
    `DatapackBuiltinEntriesProvider` is a Forge extension on top of `RegistriesDatapackGenerator` which properly handles referencing existing dynamic registry objects without exploding the entry. So, this documentation will use `DatapackBuiltinEntriesProvider`.

```java
// On the MOD event bus
@SubscribeEvent
public void gatherData(GatherDataEvent event) {
    event.getGenerator().addProvider(
        // Tell generator to run only when server data are generating
        event.includeServer(),
        output -> new DatapackBuiltinEntriesProvider(
          output,
          event.getLookupProvider(),
          // The builder containing the dynamic registry objects to generate
          new RegistrySetBuilder().add(/* ... */),
          // Set of mod ids to generate the dynamic registry objects of
          Set.of(MOD_ID)
        )
    );
}
```

`RegistrySetBuilder`
--------------------

A `RegistrySetBuilder` is responsible for building all dynamic registry objects to be used within the game. The builder can add a new entry for a registry, which can then register objects to that registry.

> First, a new instance of a `RegistrySetBuilder` can be initialized by calling the constructor. Then, the `#add` method can be called to handle a specific registry for registration. The `#add` method takes in the `ResourceKey` of the registry, a `RegistryBootstrap` consumer containing the `BootstapContext` to register the objects, and an optional `Lifecycle` argument to indicate the registry's current lifecycle status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, a new instance of a `RegistrySetBuilder` can be initialized by calling the constructor. Then, the `#add` method (which takes in the `ResourceKey` of the registry, a `RegistryBootstrap` consumer containing the `BootstapContext` to register the objects, and an optional `Lifecycle` argument to indicate the registry's current lifecycle status) can be called to handle a specific registry for registration.
```

```java
new RegistrySetBuilder()
  // Create configured features
  .add(Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register configured features here
  })
  // Create placed features
  .add(Registries.PLACED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register placed features here
  });
```

!!! note
    Dynamic registries created through Forge can also generate their objects using this builder by also passing in the associated `ResourceKey`.

Registering with `BootstapContext`
----------------------------------

> The `BootstapContext` provided by the builder can be used to register an object by calling the `#register` method. The `#register` method takes in the `ResourceKey` representing the registry name of the object, the object to register, and an optional `Lifecycle` argument to indicate the registry object's current lifecycle status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `#register` method in the `BootstapContext` provided by the builder can be used to register objects. It takes in the `ResourceKey` representing the registry name of the object, the object to register, and an optional `Lifecycle` argument to indicate the registry object's current lifecycle status. 
```

```java
public static final ResourceKey<ConfiguredFeature<?, ?>> EXAMPLE_CONFIGURED_FEATURE = ResourceKey.create(
  Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE,
  new ResourceLocation(MOD_ID, "example_configured_feature")
);

// In some constant location or argument
new RegistrySetBuilder()
  // Create configured features
  .add(Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register configured features here
    bootstrap.register(
      // The resource key for the configured feature
      EXAMPLE_CONFIGURED_FEATURE,
      new ConfiguredFeature<>(
        Feature.ORE, // Create an ore feature
        new OreConfiguration(

>           Collections.emptyList(), // Does nothing

Reviewer: I'd recommend using `List#of` instead.

Author: Sure, doesn't matter

          8 // in veins of at most 8
        )
      )
    );
  })
  // Create placed features
  .add(Registries.PLACED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register placed features here
  });
```

### Dynamic Registry Object Lookup

> Sometimes dynamic registry objects may want to use other dynamic registry objects or tags containing dynamic registry objects. In those cases, you can look up another dynamic registry using `BootstapContext#lookup` to get a `HolderGetter`. From there, you can get a `Holder$Reference` to the dynamic registry object or a `HolderSet$Named` for the tag via `#getOrThrow` by passing in the associated key.

Reviewer: Could the repetition of `dynamic registry objects` in the first phrase be avoided?

Author: I don't think so since otherwise a reader would likely think this would apply to static registry objects as well, which is not the case. I think explicit here is best.

  Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE,
  new ResourceLocation(MOD_ID, "example_configured_feature")
);

public static final ResourceKey<PlacedFeature> EXAMPLE_PLACED_FEATURE = ResourceKey.create(
  Registries.PLACED_FEATURE,
  new ResourceLocation(MOD_ID, "example_placed_feature")
);

// In some constant location or argument
new RegistrySetBuilder()
  // Create configured features
  .add(Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register configured features here
    bootstrap.register(
      // The resource key for the configured feature
      EXAMPLE_CONFIGURED_FEATURE,
      new ConfiguredFeature(/* ... */)
    );
  })
  // Create placed features
  .add(Registries.PLACED_FEATURE, bootstrap -> {
    // Register placed features here

    // Get configured feature registry
    HolderGetter<ConfiguredFeature<?, ?>> configured = bootstrap.lookup(Registries.CONFIGURED_FEATURE);

    bootstrap.register(
      // The resource key for the placed feature
      EXAMPLE_PLACED_FEATURE,
      new PlacedFeature(
        configured.getOrThrow(EXAMPLE_CONFIGURED_FEATURE), // Get the configured feature

>         Collections.emptyList() // and do nothing to the placement location

Reviewer: `List#of`
